font-family: decides the font style
    if the browser doesnt support the font selected
    it will select the next available font 
    supported by that browser.

font-size: 
    pretty self explanitory

font-weight:
    affects the boldness of text. the value can be
    a keyword such as - font-weight: bold, and also 
    a number between 1-1000, ex. font-weight: 700
    (700 = the equivilant of bold font)
    Usually numeric value will be in increments of 100
    up to 900, though this will depend upon the type
    of font being used.

text-align:
    will align text horizontally within an element.
    Keywords may be used such as -- text-align: center

Image height and width:
    if you just simply want to adjust size of an Image 
    in CSS, you must assign the height to auto, and then 
    define the size of the image with the width factor.

    HOWEVER, it is smart to put in the height element 
    regardless, because if it is set to auto, and it takes 
    longer to load than the rest of the page, then it will cause a 
    drastic shift of the other page contents when it does 
    end up loading in

    explicity statin a height and width makes it so the 
    space will already be reserved when the page loads.

The Cascade of CSS:
    The cascade is what determines which rules actually get applied 
    to our HTML. There are different factors that the cascade uses 
    to determine this, three of which we’ll go over to hopefully 
    help you avoid (as many of) those frustrating 
    “I hate CSS” moments.

Spececifity:
    Essentially, you can think of CSS rules in terms 
    of a point system (sort of):
        -ID selector: 100
        -Class selector, attribute selector, and pseudo-class selector: 10
        -Type selector and pseudo-element selector: 1
        -Universal selector, combinators, and negation pseudo-class: 0 
             (does not contribute to specificity)^^

Inheritance:
    Refers to certain CSS properties that, when applied to an element, 
    are inherited by that element’s descendants, even if we don’t 
    explicitly write a rule for those descendants.

    The exception to this is when an element is directly targeted, 
    as this always beats Inheritance.




